#labels Phase-Requirements,Phase-Design,Phase-Implementation
==1.0	Summary Description (v0.1)==

For our final project in CS 893 Summer 2008, we propose building an application that can be used to monitor and manage fantasy sports leagues or pools.  The idea starts by making use of the people in your address book, which could be used to build out your social network of fantasy league participants.  Eventually other people on the cell network would be able to participate in your managed/monitored league.  The data for your league would be derived from either one of two possibilities:

  #  Central repository exposed by web service or portal which is either automatically updated through some automated process that reads from a sport’s leagues data repository, or in the spirit of Web 2.0, is managed by the community of users to maintain the accuracy of the data (i.e. like Wikipedia).  In the first scenario, the data would be pulled from mobile clients, in the second scenario, mobile clients would allow users to edit the data, push it to the central repository, which is then pushed to the other mobile clients needing an update.
  #  The standardized template of players is loaded to each mobile client, and as each client updates the stats of their players, the update is pushed to other mobile clients in the social network of fantasy league participants.

Mobile clients would receive alerts when their player’s data has been updated.  A simple user interface will enable clients to set up their league and allocate players.  People in the social network will be able to message each other or on their own phone personally (i.e. blog) about their league, the players or teams.  Location-Based Services (LBS) along with MapView (i.e. Google Map) will enable the ability to display near-by sports bars, sports venues, places to park, stores … etc related to sports, along with ratings/comments about each from the community, closest to your current location or any location specified and displayed on a map.  

The general idea is that this application will overtime encompass features that have to do with people’s love of sports.  Future enhancements could include the ability to view sporting highlights, real time scores, purchase tickets or view forums for tickets, sports team backdrops available for download … etc.